You met the traveler on a fine spring morning. A blade of blue sky cut through the mountains, melting the last of the snow in the well-traveled pass, but the guard’s scowl cast a burly shadow over your hopes.

"No toll, no passage," he proclaimed.

"I understand," you began again. "But I have no coins, for I’ve been traveling--"

"That’s none of my business, nor the queen’s," harrumphed the guard.

"It’s all right," came a soft voice from behind you. "This one can come in with me."

You both looked up to see a young woman standing behind you, arms folded over her chest. She was smiling slightly and rested easily on her feet, neither slouching nor stiff.

The guard recovered quickly. "That’ll be thirty crows for each of you, then," he informed her.

Without saying a word, the traveler stepped past you and let a handful of coins fall into the guard’s expectant hand. He counted it with a practiced glance, then nodded gruffly.

"On with you both, then. Good day."

As you walked through the gate, you turned to the traveler, now walking beside you as if she’d been there for your entire journey.

"Thanks," you said. "That was kind of you."

"You’re welcome." She beamed. "What’s your name, stranger?"

You told her, and she repeated it with a nod.

"I’m Izzy. Nice to meet you."

At that moment, the two of you crested the last rise of the mountain pass and a wooded plain spread out before you. The road stepped down ahead through long switchbacks before disappearing into forest. In the distance, a smudge of blue promised the ocean.

"Well," Izzy asked, "Which way are you going?"

"I don’t know yet," you admitted. "I’m ... just exploring." The truth of your quest could wait for another day.

Izzy frowned pensively. "Well ... I’m going home across the ocean, but I’ll need to do some work to pay for passage. If you’d like, you can join me. I’m sure I’ll find jobs in the towns we pass, and it would be nice to have company for a while."

You readily agreed, and set out together down the moutain. As you hiked, you wondered where exactly Izzy hailed from. On the small continent across the sea, there were three major regions: Kraeg, Jaywood, and Hiri. You knew the three were very different in geography, commerce, and culture, but you had never been to any of them and didn't know what exactly they were like. You resolved to keep your ears open, and learn what you could about the distant places, as well as about Izzy.

It took the entire day to get down to level ground, and so you made camp for the night--the last roadside camp for a while, you hoped.
