The {ordinal} town you approached was built around a busy crossroads. People from all over the valley came and went through its many open gates, and the center of town boasted a bustling marketplace. Izzy looked uncomfortable, and strode quickly through the square, peering closely at the market stalls.

{story}
Izzy was interrupted by a shout of "FRESH FISH!" so close behind your head that it made you jump.

"Fresh?" queried Izzy, raising an eyebrow. The paper-wrapped package looked delicious, but was clearly seasoned and dried.

The merchant grinned. "It turned your head, now, didn’t it? Dried freshwater lake fish, all the way from Hiri. Delicious! And you won’t find it anywhere else around these parts. Try a piece, I know you can’t resist!" She held out a meager sample.

Izzy chuckled and shook her head. "No, thank you."

At the next stall over, however, she stopped to pick up a ceramic bowl and turned it over slowly, admiring the glaze. "You see this pattern?" she asked you, pointing. "I’ve seen this before. It marks it as from one of the fine pottery houses in Kraeg. Excellent quality."

"And I’ll thank you not to drop it, young lady," came a voice from across the table. A spindly old man stood up and glared down at Izzy, and she put the bowl back quickly.

The pottery merchant looked her over and squinted. "How do you know the signs of distant guilds?" he want to know.

Izzy met his eyes. "I’m an artisan myself, and saw their wares for trade often back home."

"I see." He peered at her curiously, then demanded, "What are you doing all the way out here then?"

"I’m looking for work," she replied boldly, and gestured at the long table. "It seems like you could use some extra eyes on your valuable wares, not to mention one with knowledge about them. For an afternoon’s pay I’ll mind your stall, sell to the honest folk and keep thieves’ hands away."

The merchant raised his eyebrows, and for a moment you were sure he was going to snap at her again. Instead, after a moment, he chuckled. "All right then, let’s see what you can do."

Izzy turned to you brightly. "Meet me back here this evening?"

You nodded, still startled at the vendor’s abrupt manner, and turned to exploring the rest of the town on your own. When you met Izzy later for supper, you remarked,

"It must have been stressful working with that pottery trader all day. He was so sharp with you!"

"Alec? Oh, no, he’s fine." Izzy chuckled. "He’s Jaywood folk, they’re all like that. It’s a harsh place and it breeds harsh people, but he’s honest, and respects other honest folk." She yawned. "It did tire me out, though. Let’s get some rest. Long way to go tomorrow."
