The {ordinal} town you stopped in boasted a large bank, catering particularly to merchants from distant lands. You made good enough time to stop in before it closed, at long last changing your many foreign notes into hard local currency. Izzy graciously accepted your invitation of dinner, and together you settled into a comfortable public house for the evening.

Almost as soon as you sat down, a server appeared with two foaming glasses.

"I think there’s been a mistake," you said. "We haven’t ordered anything yet."

The server gave an expressionless nod towards the innkeeper behind the bar. "On the house."

When you looked up in surprise, the innkeep raised a muscular arm in greeting. "I don’t forget faces," she explained, "And I know I haven’t seen yours before. Welcome to town."

"That’s very kind," said Izzy, taking a sip. The bartender beamed.

"Won’t have it said a Kraeg woman didn’t take care of her guests. They’d disown me back home!" She laughed. "What brings you this way, strangers?"

You told the story of meeting Izzy at the mountain gate, then turned to her.

{story}
A sudden burst of cool air from the doorway heralded the arrival of a crowd. The innkeeper looked up to hail her new customers, and Izzy seemed grateful for the chance to quickly finish her supper and excuse herself.

"I’m not much for crowds," she explained. "There were always just the two of us at home, and I’ve been traveling alone for so long."

She bid you goodnight, and you spent your evening making friendly conversation with the other patrons. One of them, you noticed, ribbed the innkeeper with the confidence of familiarity.

"How’s bar life treating you?" he inquired jovially. "Do you miss hauling stone yet?"

"Hauling stone?" you ask.

"Before this I worked at the quarry in Hiri," she explained.

"Aye, made her so tired she had to roll home down the mountain," her friend chortled.

"I’ll show you how tired it made me." The bartender flexed and made a fist, but the twinkle in her eye belied the threat. "Besides, I only had to roll a little. Fell right into the river before long and just rafted the rest of the way."

The regular grinned. "Bet you were a strange sight floating into the docks at Jaywood."

"Have you seen the kind of strange traffic they get on that river? I don’t think anyone batted an eyelash."

By this time, weariness was weighing on your shoulders. You left your company to their banter, paid for your meal, and took yourself to bed. You were ready for a long rest in a good clean bed before another day of walking tomorrow.
