The next morning, you set out bright and early for the {ordinal} town.

{story}
You paused at a stream to refill your waterskins, and moments later the shouting of children came across the bank. You were joined by a large family, traveling along the same road. Their children giggled and splashed in the cool water, and you stopped for a while to play with them while their parents rested. When you were all ready to depart, you continued as a group, chatting amiably about the favorable travel weather and your respective destinations.

When he heard that Izzy was looking for work, the father of the playful brood looked up hopefully. "We’ve been away from home for a few months, and I’m sure the place has gone to pieces. It would be great to have some extra hands to get everything uncovered and tidy ... at least until the kids make their own messes again." He grinned ruefully. "What do you say? We can give you room and board for a couple of days, and spare a little coin besides?" He glanced at his wife, and she nodded her assent. "I know it’s not glamorous, but it would be a great help to us."

Izzy looked at you. "Would you be all right for a couple of days? I don’t want to delay you."

You assured her it was fine, and the man grinned. "You’ve lightened my load today, that’s for sure. You’ll love the house. Made from real Jaywood timber, it is. They grow real quality hard woods out there, like you don’t see in these parts. Shipped it over myself!"

You raised your eyebrows. "You’re a merchant?"

He shook his head. "A sailor. Born and raised on the harbor at Kraeg. But I ordered that cargo and worked for its passage." He grinned proudly at you.

You walked through the rest of the afternoon, and the children gradually tired themselves out from running ahead and grew quiet. As daylight dimmed and the lights of town began showing themselves in the distance, Izzy asked worriedly,

"Are you sure it’s all right for me to stay? Your wife has said nothing this whole time, and I’m afraid she’s avoiding offending me."

"Oh, no." The man gave her a warm smile. "She’s just a quiet one. From Hiri, you know. They live so far apart up there, they don’t get much use out of pleasantries. But she likes you. She let me know, in her way."

Izzy accepted this explanation and the employment. When you met up with her again on the evening of the third day, she was dusty but elated.

"He’s right," she told you, "The house is beautiful. There’s an awful lot of it, though!" She laughed, and tried again to brush some stubborn grime off her sleeve.

"I hope so, with all those kids running around," you replied. "Ready to go?"

Izzy nodded. "They were generous people, too. I’m well on my way to what it’ll take to buy passage home."
